---
layout:     post
title:      My 1st Month Abroad
date:       2017-02-12T10:20:00-6:00
image:      http://static.kristinthetourist.com/2017/2017-02-11/DSCN0260.jpg
summary:    What I've learned during my first month abroad
location:
  latitude:   43.7701418
  longitude:  11.2475132

---

A few days ago marked my first full month abroad!  Time is already flying by and I have already learned so much.  Here are a few things I've learned so far while being abroad!

1. **Go with the flow.** *Or as we say in PMO, adjust and move on!* From the moment I got to Europe I immediately had to learn that something out of your control probably will go wrong and you can't let that stop you from having a good time. An emergency landing in Bologna, getting covered in mosquito bites in January, and missing our stop on a train helped me learn that lesson quickly!  Life is too great to dwel on anything negative, especially while traveling!

2. **European Pigeons are very aggressive!** This may seem silly, but I think I've decided that my least favorite animal are pigeons!  They are all over Italy and are not afriad of people at all.  They sometimes even jump up on people, which makes eating a panini outside a challenge *(but always worth it because paninis are amazing)*. Hoping I will get over this rediculous fear of mine by the end of the semester... updates to come.

3. **I am capable of cooking!!** Before coming abroad, the fanciest thing I've ever made was probably boxed mac and cheese or my classic PB&J sandwich.  In Italy, I've given cooking a chance and have started to enjoy it!

4. **Slow down.**  Last summer in NYC, I got in a habit of always walking fast and focusing on getting from point A to point B.  Here in Italy, I stick out like a sore thumb when I rush from place to place.  I've learned to soak in my surroundings, take my time, and live a more relaxed schedule.

5. **Better safe than sorry** My first few weeks I had too many close calls with getting hit by a moped, car, or bus.  Definitely learned the hard way that pedestrians do not have the right of way here and you can never check too many times before you cross a street.

6. **Free museum days are the best days** Most museums in Europe have certain days each month where you can enter for free!  Which is great for college students on a budget!! So far, I have gone to the Vatican Museum, The Uffizi, and the Accademia all for free.  Well worth the wait in the lines to view the art for free and that means more money for gelato!!!

7. **Traveling is exhausting but so worth it.** I've learned there is a difference between a vacation and traveling!  My weekend trips are not relaxing vacations, but are instead trips where I plan as many things I can do in one place in just a few short days.  At the end of each weekend I am usually very exhausted. But of course it is worth it!

8. **Trying something new pays off!** I signed up to volunteer at a local elementary school in Florence to teach English once a week.  Although I have taught coding and been a camp counselor before, I was excited and a little nervous for this new experience in a primary school!  I teach in a 5th grade class and all of the kids are so cute, great at English and very smart.  It is so interesting hearing what they want to learn about American culture and I love hearing about their interests as well.  Now it is always one of the highlights of my week!

9.  **Get to know your neighbors** Our landlord and his wife and other people in our apartment building have been so sweet to my roommates and I ever since we moved in!  They recently invited us over for an authentic Italian dinner and it was amazing!  He is so kind and it is so nice to hear about their lives and learn from our different cultural upbringings.  Later this spring he said we would get to have a pizza party with him and his family on the roof!  We are looking forward to it already!

10.  **Turns out, Italy was even better than expected.** Studying abroad was one of the best choices I've ever made and I am so happy that I am here!  It was scary at first to go to a country without knowing anyone, but taking that big leap paid off.  Italy has felt like a dream and doing this big journey has helped me become more independent.  I am looking forward to the rest of my semester in Italy and the adventures in Europe beyond that!

<br>

Enjoy a short video documenting my first month abroad <a href="https://youtu.be/cJ8QSmhsGPw">here!</a>


<iframe class="popout" width="1120" height="630" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/cJ8QSmhsGPw" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Ciao! <br>
Kristin