---
layout:     post
title:      Bon Voyage!
date:       2017-01-12T10:20:00-6:00
image:      http://static.kristinthetourist.com/IMG_0643.JPG
summary:    Off to Italy to start my adventure!
location:
  latitude:   43.7800607
  longitude:  11.1709282

---

After weeks of researching study abroad programs, long days working on foreign visa applications, and many hours of Tetris-packing things into my suitcase to make sure it's 50 lbs, it's hard to believe that today's the day!  Soon I will be in Florence, Italy, starting my adventure in the land of wine, pasta, art, and love.

Before I start off on my travels, I came up with some goals:

1. **Don't be afraid to say yes and try new things!** "You only get out what you put in" is so true.  I am hoping to get out of my comfort zone in order to have a rewarding time!  Who knows, maybe I will even give seafood a chance!

2. **Learn to laugh at myself.** I'm not fluent in Italian and definitely not even close to fluent in German!  I know that I will definitely have times where I make mistakes, pronounce something wrong, get lost, and look like a fool or a silly American.  Instead of dreading everything I do wrong, I want to laugh it off and learn how to improve in the future.

3. **Experience and appreciate cultures different than my own.** I can't wait to take an Italian cooking class, celebrate Easter in Rome, meet the local people, get to know a local store owner, walk through many museums, and study the many years of European history.

4. **Travel to the majority of western Europe by the end of the summer.** I hope that my passport is filled by stamps at the end of the summer!  Some of the top countries I want to travel to are Ireland, Greece, the UK, and France.

5. **Become a more confident and indpendent person and traveler.** Yes this may be cliché, but I really hope to grow in these ways throughout my time abroad.  It definitely isn't easy to say goodbye to my family, friends, boyfriend, and amazing sisters in song, but I need to remember the core reasons why I chose to study abroad: I want to be able to conquer a city and look at everything I've accomplished, confidently speak Italian, and be okay with not always having a plan and just playing things by ear.  While there will definitely be ups and downs, I can't wait to see what adventures lie ahead for me in Europe!

I think I have a good shot of accomplishing these goals!  Here goes nothing!  See you in August, America!

Ciao! <br>
Kristin